Now, unlike regular A*,
Hybrid A* is a continuous method.
Since, the configuration that will end up being part of
the trajectory are not part of a predefined discrete set.
Similarly to A*, Hybrid A* star also uses an optimistic heuristic.
But one sacrifice made with Hybrid A*
is that it does not always find a solution when one exists.
Indeed, the completeness is sacrificed
because we only allow one continuous configuration per discrete cell.
The great improvement compared with A* is that the solution it does find are
guaranteed to be driveable, though not necessarily optimal.
Compare these to the properties of A*.
With Hybrid A*, we have lost completeness and optimality guarantees in favor of drivability.
In practice, however, this algorithm is very
efficient at finding good path almost all the time.